Idea for weapons is to creat a very broad range of weapons from all ages. The plan is to offer then both as player weapons and NPC weapons.

For the player these weapons will be very powerful and highly customizable. This means that in order to get the weapon the player is going to have to jump threw a great deal of hoops to get them. This means crafting 100s of parts, doing research, finding & buying items, and possibly a few other things. For crafting it will be a long process as i want to push players into automated production rather than hand crafting. Though there will later be a bonus to hand crafting weapons including some custom guns that must be crafted. For parts there will be a basic set of items need to assembly the gun. The Action, Stock, and Barrel as the main parts. The action will be a complex assembly requiring a firing pin, trigger, safty, clip feed(or load area), and possible a few gun specific parts like bolts, springs, gas loader. The barrel will be a strait out pipe that has options for rifling, and metal treating. Finally the stock will be gun specific requiring its to be based on the gun design. Say a wooden double barrel will have a stock of mostly wood with a few peaces of metal.

Crafing will be handled by a complex weapon work bench. It will do blue print pring based crafting and very little grid based crafting. The table will also world as an ammo loader and have a full 3d render. The table will be 2 blocks tall, 2 blocks wide, and one block deep. It will look like a grey metal or wood table with a leather top. There will be an ammo loader, and vice on the table. Possible a few other tools, and maybe even a gun with ammo should be rendered. As well the table will use a system just like normal work bench so other players don't steal each others parts. 

Clips & ammo

Ammo will be created by hand using the weapon work bench. When assembly line is installed several automated ammo creators will be usable.

Ammo will created using 4 parts. The bullet, explosive, shell, and other. Other will be thing along the lines of fuel to create a fire effect when shooting. The bullet will be made of metal and can be anything. Explosive will mainly be black powder, or smokeless powder. Though there may be other options. Shell will be classed depending on the fire arm. Hand guns use small shells unless they are big hand guns. Rifle, and machine guns use medium shells. Heavy machines guns, and large rifle use heavy shells. Launcher will have custom rounds that can't be made in an ammo loader. 

Clips will act like chest that the player can load with ammo. They will use either a crafting table or weapon work bench to add ammo to a clip. A clip can have several different ammo types allowing for more complex game play. Eg fire bullet then 4 normal bullets. Clips will be loaded into the gun then remove when empty. The clip will store the rounds as NBT data.